good nochesa
Adolfo Slim and Tsunami to all viewers
the america to be the first question to the teacher umaña and to return with you
gave a football exhibition on Thursday night here in the first half
in front of the sports team tolima that really
we were surprised
football filled us the score was just one goal to zero but what he did
america prosor humanities worthy of note
well I think the team continues if I understand and continues to ratify
its good time the pores the previous games
percent have also been of a high level have received praise on the list and
where have you played
in terms of results come
they come harvesting
good things for the team and said I think that to continue well at your level
ascendant is going through a very united time
doing good football that people like and very effective anomalous this
endure for a long time and you would miss
It was to finish this first part with our guest in Cali
that would be missing at this moment the American teacher umaña
Well I think that in America we have told you that the sporting part of
team has been raising
has once again taken its leading role as such
in this I think that at the institutional level I would urgently need this
there is a moment of government support
for your commercial and financial plock and so you can
continue to do his normal life on equal terms with others
clubs because he receives very live and little help nor to sponsor in me
nor any other help to be able to
keep myself I think it is an institution that this area of ​​the country
percent is an immense popular clamor do not forget that the america
percent is a cultural phenomenon deeply rooted here
and that in the country the
half plus one in the fans most fans have them the america
and so
you need your help at that moment that solution as well of the institution
well don adolfo you of that bogota has the word
one hundred percent the front is obviously to the teacher umaña and also to the
banana teacher who are the technician
you have to take into account some additional things
and is that America in common is happened high of happening millionaires
in the South American Cup
plays in the same way as a local or visitor and is getting
very important results and the public returned to accompany him
and how the stadium on Thursday against Tolima was full
i the truth is that that first time the america was very well played i
I would like to ask diego, because in America there are not
figures that an bue team announced as the national for example for this tournament
that has a very good payroll per hundred are not the big figures that
announced equipment as the sports cali on the contrary the america was a
team that is forming with humility
until you reach the hands of diego
perform as the tournament is performing
that football magic that this moment America has
where does diego start?
I do not think that the main thing is the attitude of the players
I believe that there is very united, very convinced of what is being done
and respect that woman
until players pruning
the important thing is that I understood
there will be no history of theft
they did not leave aside
bush connection
and each one
best in every game
We have five months of work and five months of work
the next prototype
that's why so
despite the distance
I'm happy with the work
the millionaire of what is being doubted at the table
would do well at this time is among the four best teams of
South America an extraordinary spike
and our temple there in the field in front of millionaires in white the
Saturday
together with the america fruit
sent to the UN
in the extra time
it's hard to believe
oranges in South America
and the mood and today is a team
the present
you want it to be great
we are seeing match images and we observe one with the cali
explained that the states the detail that is worth telling
share answer is no
and it is that the america loses to doubt
Doubt was at its best with America and America loses it by
an injury
and the team remains the same the america loses gonzález
and the team remains the same the america loses a lot of player mouth to stop
the starting line-up leaves and the team remains the same as what can not be
mine polo can not play
for an injury
and while they stopped and the team remains the same
that's how I would handle it
jorge volpi
to america from its headquarters
we only
nucorpo penn like
my behavior
and the answer that
they are giving is very important
those ways if you do not want to fall with me
then before leaving on Wednesday Martinelli
we have not tried in the other
the axis of evil
it's a frank final
america plays it like
any court
comes out respecting
in general it is delivered to the team that are in front
but it convinced me of what it has and and on Wednesday the departures and villa
expected it has been a good match to ratify what the train has been doing
three points at stake
and good wait
this the second a good performance and it was the humans
the works of hiv advance
football is full full of opinion is true us inside the
team
it's worth only those who
we have
we are convinced that in these moments as a strong team in
defense of
and in attack
so that we are going to follow that path along that path
and with those arguments good to fight every game and play it to death
and get the best results
america adolfo plays with two lines of four
and anyone could think that it is a defensive team is not a team
offensive that attacks
empreven that he asked study that is very important so they started
you with mario now
and with an image
america coronato line of four and america arrives
but this veto maybe the only problem that has you america is that not
converts with the ease with which it arrives it does not convert what is happening and this
we have been a little
imprecise when it comes to defining but we are working hard on the psuv
to improve in that situation
but we always look for the team to be a balanced team in the
court and so it has been demonstrating
because the basics of the game are two minutes possession of the ball on the
no possession of the ball is the other and in between the two
there are the transitions that are defensive and offensive
and if you keep thinking about working hard on not owning the ball,
it becomes extensive
but on the contrary
do not worry more about
when he has the ball there takhar
nyse ual time balanced then we try to
have no balance between the two functions and
let me fly america in every presentation
if you play for example with a molteni ball that is the ball